# SystemsAnalysisandDesign
Created a detailed plan modeling information systems based on user requirements and specifications.  Using the principles and methods of systems analysis and design with UML (Unified Modeling Language) and other graphical modeling tools.

The Promt: You are a team who is developing a computer system for the following: Of-the-Month Club (OTMC) is an innovative young firm that sells memberships to people who have an interest in certain products. People pay membership fees for one year and each month receive a product by mail. For example, OTMC has a coffee-of-the-month club that sends members one pound of special coffee each month. OTMC currently has six memberships (coffee, cigars, flowers, and computer games) each of which costs a different amount. Customers usually belong to just one, but some belong to two or more. When people join OTMC, the telephone operator records their name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information, start date, and membership service(s) (e.g., coffee). Some customers request a double or triple membership (e.g., two pounds of coffee). The computer game membership operates a bit differently from the others. In this case, the member must also select the type of game (action, arcade, fantasy/ science-fiction, educational, etc.) and age level. OTMC is planning to expand the number of memberships it offers greatly (e.g., video games, movies, toys, cheese, fruit, and vegetables) so the system needs to accommodate this future expansion. OTMC is also planning to offer 3-month and 6-month memberships. OTMC previously used a paper-based system, and it is believed that the new system will increase the number of memberships and profits.
